{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thanks for using Uplifting News. These terms of service ("Terms") cover your use and access to the products, services, software, platform and websites (collectively, "Services") provided by Uplifting News ("Uplifting News"). By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms as well as our Privacy Policy. If you are using our Services as the employee or agent of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization.\
You must be the legal age of majority in your state of residence and able to form a binding contract with Uplifting News in order to use the Services. In no event is use of the Services permitted by those under the age of 13.\
1. Terms\
By accessing this Service, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and conditions of use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local, state or Federal laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this Service. The materials contained in this Service are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.\
2. Use License\
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (software) of Uplifting News' Service for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:\
	\'95 modify or copy the materials;\
	\'95 use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);\
	\'95 attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Uplifting News' Service;\
	\'95 remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or\
	\'95 transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.\
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Uplifting News at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or physical format.\
3. Disclaimer\
The materials on Uplifting News' Service are provided "as is". Uplifting News makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Uplifting News does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Service or otherwise relating to such materials or on any services linked to from this Service.\
4. Limitations\
In no event shall Uplifting News or it\'92s owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors and/or affiliates, be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption or for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages) arising out of or relating to the materials, the products or the services provided by Uplifting News or the use or the inability to use the materials on Uplifting News' Service, even if Uplifting News or a Uplifting News authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. \
5. Revisions and Errata\
The materials appearing on Uplifting News' Service could include, but are not limited to technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Uplifting News does not warrant that any of the materials on the Service are accurate, complete, or current. Uplifting News may make changes to the materials contained on its Service at any time without notice. Uplifting News does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.\
6. Links\
Uplifting News has not reviewed any or all of the third parties linked to from its Service and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked third party. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Uplifting News of the Service. Use of any such linked third party is at the user's own risk.\
7. Terms of Use Modifications\
Uplifting News may revise these Terms for its Service at any time without notice. By using this Service you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and conditions of use.\
8. Governing Law\
Any claim relating to Uplifting News' service shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the Uplifting News operates within without regard to its conflict of law provisions.\
These Terms and Conditions of Use are applicable to the use of the Uplifting News app and related services.\
}