{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is the app of Uplifting News.\
For each user of our app, our server recognizes only the user's information where permission has been specifically granted.\
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number.\
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our app, used to customize the content and/or layout for users, used to notify users about updates to our app, used by us to contact users for marketing purposes.\
We do not set any cookies. \
We do not share or sell your information.\
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by contacting us through the Feedback & Support menu option.\
If you supply us with your information, you may receive contact from us with appropriately related information on new products and services. If you do not wish to receive such contact, please let us know by contacting us at the through the Feedback & Support menu option. When you contact us, please provide us with your name and e-mail address. We will be sure your name is removed from our mailing list. \
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. \
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our app to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt-out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back in our app periodically.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by contacting us through the Feedback & Support menu option.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We have appropriate security measures in place in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you.\
If you feel that this app is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us through the Feedback & Support menu option.\
}